- Adds the ``SearchIndexType`` class, which you can pass
  when constructing a ``SearchIndexModel`` instance. This change
  allows you to specify the index type when creating an Atlas
  Search or Vector Search index. To learn more, see |avs-index-link|.

- Delegates the implementation of the algorithms that implement
  the ``SCRAM-SHA-1`` and ``SCRAM-SHA-256`` authentication mechanisms to
  the configured JCA provider. This change means that your application
  can use a configured FIPS-compliant JCA provider to provide a higher
  level of security.

- Fixes an issue that caused the ``InsertOneResult.getInsertedId()`` and
  ``InsertManyResult.getInsertedIds()`` methods to return incorrect document IDs in
  some situations. This change is backported to {+driver-short+} v5.1.4
  and v4.11.4.

- When a sharded cluster operation is unsuccessful, the driver avoids selecting
  the same ``mongos`` server for operation retry attempts if other ``mongos``
  servers are available.

- Adds reachability metadata needed when your application uses GraalVM
  Native Image. You can use this metadata to save the effort of
  collecting reachability metadata needed when using the driver
  libraries. To learn more, see `Reachability Metadata
  <https://www.graalvm.org/latest/reference-manual/native-image/metadata/>`__
  in the GraalVM documentation.

  This change does not add ``libjnidispatch`` and ``libmongocrypt``
  resource entries, because adding specify entries for all supported
  platforms (targets) significantly affects the size of
  native executables built using GraalVM Native Image. View this sample
  `resource-config.json
  <https://github.com/mongodb/mongo-java-driver/blob/master/graalvm-native-image-app/src/main/resources/META-INF/native-image/resource-config.json>`__
  file in the JVM driver GitHub to see how to specify these entries explicitly
  if your application depends on the ``org.mongodb:mongodb-crypt`` library.
