- :red:`Important:` The next minor release will drop support for MongoDB
  Server version 4.0 and raise the minimum supported version to 4.2. We
  recommend making changes to your application if you might be affected.
  See the :manual:`Release Notes </release-notes/>` section in the Server manual to
  learn more about upgrading.

- Adds the ``BinaryVector`` class to implement BSON Binary Subtype 9 for
  vector storage and retrieval. This class provides more effective storage
  of values compared a list of ``Double`` instances. You can create the
  following vector types based on the type of elements your vector contains:

  - ``Int8BinaryVector``: Vector of 8-bit signed integers

  - ``Float32BinaryVector``: Vector of floating-point numbers
  
  - ``PackedBitBinaryVector``: Binary quantized vector *(In beta and subject to change before becoming generally available)*

  To learn more about this feature, see :atlas:`Vector Quantization </atlas-vector-search/vector-quantization/>`
  in the Atlas documentation. |vector-type-example-link|

- Removes explicit fairness from the connection pool implementation.
  This change might contribute to better throughput when you use
  a ``MongoClient`` instance in many application threads. However, this
  change might cause increased tail latency.

- Adds a sort option to the ``updateOne()`` and ``replaceOne()`` methods. This change also allows
  you to set a sort as an option when creating ``ReplaceOneModel`` and ``UpdateOneModel`` instances.
  To learn more, see |update-replace-example-link|.
