- Supports ``$lookup`` operations for CSFLE and QE. To learn more, see the following
  references in the Server manual:

  - :upcoming:`$lookup and $graphLookup Behavior </core/csfle/reference/supported-operations/#-lookup-and--graphlookup-behavior>` for CSFLE
  - :upcoming:`$lookup and $graphLookup Behavior </core/queryable-encryption/reference/supported-operations/#-lookup-and--graphlookup-behavior>` for QE

- Introduces a Bill of Materials (BOM) to manage versions of MongoDB JVM
  artifacts that you might use in your application. To view instructions on
  adding the BOM to your application, see |install-bom-link|.

- Updates AWS SDK dependencies to 2.30.31 and 1.12.782 for testing the
  ``MONGODB-AWS`` authentication mechanism.

- Adds a sort option to the ``ClientUpdateOneOptions`` and
  ``ClientReplaceOneOptions`` classes. This change allows you to set a
  sort order for update and replace operations in client bulk writes.
  To learn more, see |sort-option-link|.

- Adds Kubernetes support for OIDC authentication. To learn more, see |k8s-link|.

- Adds first class support for the following Atlas Search query operators:
  
  - ``phrase``
  
  - ``regex``
  
  - ``queryString``
  
  - ``equals``
  
  - ``moreLikeThis``
  
  - ``in``
  
  - ``wildcard``
  
  To learn more, see |atlas-query-operators|.

- Updates cursors to refresh the ``timeoutMS`` setting when you call ``close()`` without affecting
  the operation timeout.

- Enables you to use an index when calling the ``distinct()`` method by specifying a
  ``hint`` option.

To view a full list of changes in this release, see the
:github:`v5.4 release notes <mongodb/mongo-java-driver/releases/tag/r5.4.0>` 
on GitHub.
