- Adds experimental support for Queryable Encryption prefix, suffix, and substring queries.
  To learn more about QE, see |encrypt-link|.
  
  .. note:: Experimental Feature

    Queryable Encryption prefix, suffix, and substring queries are unstable, and their
    security is not guaranteed until they're generally available (GA). Use them in
    experimental workloads only.

- Adds an ``nsType`` field to ``ChangeStreamDocument`` objects. This field contains the
  namespace type (``COLLECTION``, ``TIMESERIES``, or ``VIEW``) of the change event.

- Adds client-side operation timeout (CSOT) support for OIDC authentication.

- When ``timeoutMS`` is set for CSOT, the driver ignores the value of the ``maxWaitTime``
  connection setting.

- Adds an ``appendMetadata()`` method to the ``MongoClient`` class. You can use this method
  to append metadata to an existing client's metadata. The maximum
  metadata size is 512 MB.

- Adds a public constructor to the ``RewrapManyDataKeyOptions`` class.

- Merges the ``AsyncReadOperation`` and ``AsyncWriteOperation`` interfaces into the
  ``ReadOperation`` and ``WriteOperation`` interfaces. You can create read and write
  operations by using builder methods in the ``Operations`` class.

- Deprecates the ``MongoNamespace.COMMAND_COLLECTION_NAME`` constant.

- Fixes a bug that prevented OIDC reauthentication within a session.

- When serializing a POJO annotated with ``@BsonDiscriminator``, if the property's ``readName``
  matches the discriminator key, the driver serializes the field only once.

- After you call the ``next()`` or ``tryNext()`` method on a ``CommandCursorResult``
  instance, the driver clears the ``CommandCursorResult.results`` property to free memory.

- The ``PojoBuilderHelper`` class creates property models that include properties from
  abstract classes and interfaces.

- The driver publishes and logs the following events when the cluster topology changes:

  - ``ClusterOpeningEvent``: Published when the topology opens
  - ``ClusterDescriptionChangedEvent``: Published when the topology description changes
  - ``ClusterClosedEvent``: Published when the topology closes

- The driver throws a ``MongoStalePrimaryException`` when the primary replica set member
  becomes stale for one of the following reasons:

  - A new primary member is elected or discovered.
  - The value of the ``electionId`` or ``setVersion`` field in the primary member doesn't
    match the values of these fields in the other replica set members.

  To learn more about replica sets, see :manual:`Replication </replication/>` in the
  {+mdb-server+} manual.
